Did you know that making a girl laugh is the second best way to get her into bed I asked my date.
"Really?" she asked. "What's the first?""A big knife!" I replied."Ha-ha, you're funny," she said."Well done, you've made a sensible choice."
 
 
A scientist emerges from his lab and shouts, “Eureka!”
“I’ve created an apple that tastes like a vagina!” His assistant takes a bite and says, “This apple tastes like shit!” The scientist says, “Turn it around.”
 
 
A quick drink after work turned into a few too many. I was far too drunk to drive, so I did the sensible thing and took a bus home.
Lord only knows how I managed to park it.
 
 
What’s worse than ants in your pants
Your uncle in your pantsEdit added in your schedule pants
 
 
What do you call an impotent necrophiliac?
Semi TerryI'll get my coat.
 
 
I'm dating myself here
... is a unique way of referring to masturbation.
 
 
WHAT DO YOU SAY WHEN YOU'RE IN KABUL BUT IT GETS CAPTURED AND YOU CANT GET OUT OF YOUR HOUSE?
I AM STUCK IN CAPS LOCK
 
 
flavored condoms
will keep your pecker in mint condition.
 
 
Son: Dad, I want you to meet my girlfriend later when she comes over
Dad: "That’s great son. Who is she?” Son: “It’s Tina, the neighbor’s daughter”. Dad: “Ohhh I wish you hadn’t said that.I have to tell you something son, but you must promise not to tell your mother.Tina is actually your sister.” The boy is naturally bummed out, but a couple of months laterSon : “Dad, I fell in love again and she is even hotter!” Dad: “That’s great son. Who is she?” Son: “It’s Penny, the other neighbor’s daughter.” Dad: “Ohhhh I wish you hadn’t said that. Penny is also your sister.”This went on couple of times and the son was so mad,he went straight to his mother crying.Son : “Mom I am so mad at dad! I fell in love with six girls but I can’t date any of them because dad is their father!”The mother hugs him affectionately and says: “My love, you can date whoever you want. Don’t listen to him. He is not your Father.”!!!
 
 
What did the hurricane say to the palm tree?
Hold on to your nuts - this is going to be one hell of a blow job
 
 
Did you hear about the Tri-Delta variant?
It gives you herpes and breaks your heart.
 
 
What do you call suffering in silence?
Molesting a mime.
 
 
I swallowed a piece of string yesterday and it came out tied together.
I shit you knot.
 
 
I always practice safe sex!
I have a helmet on and a guard rail installed on the bed.
 
 
What does a pirate say when getting his dick sucked?
Thar she blows!!
 
 
What do Las Vegas and Glasgow have in common?
You can pay for sex with chips.
 
 
Why was the concert pianist arrested?
He was caught performing in A minor
 
 
Why do incels steal umbrellas?
It's the only way they can make a girl wet.
 
 
What's the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping Tom?
One snatches your watch and the other watches your snatch
 
 
2 men broke into a drugstore and stole all the Viagra
The police put out an APB for 2 hardened criminals
 
 
What do hookers have in common with bungee jumping?
They're both fun, fast and if the rubber breaks, you're fucked.
 
 
The other day my friend messaged by saying “bro I have two pieces of bad news for you.” I told him to combine them. He replied with “your girlfriend is cheating on both of us.”

 
 
What does the kid from Toy Story and your mom have in common?
Both their toys are called Woody and Buzz Lightyear.
 
 
I tried phone sex yesterday.
It didn't work because the holes were too small.
 
 
What's thin, long, green and smells like bacon?
Kermit the Frog's fingers.
 
 
What do rest stops and whales have in common?
Blow holes
 
 
Why is there no coat stand in the reception?
My girlfriend has 32Ds
But enough about her exam results
 
 
my girl is so cute when she sleeps I watch her all the time . . .
……………….tomorrow I might say hi to her for the first time
 
 
My girlfriend is a porn star. – She will kill me if she finds out.

 
 
I was disgusted my friend made a porn video of him having sex with a dog.
He told me it's Rated-R for "Ruff".
 
 
What is the square root of 69?
Ate something
 
 
American beer is like having sex in a canoe.
It's fucking close to water.
 
 
What did the Texan say when the Mexicans showed up at the Alamo?
Who ordered concrete?
 
 
The little boy and the squished frog on a string
A little boy walks into a whorehouse pulling a squished frog on a string. He goes to counter, puts down a bunch of cash and requests the oldest, nastiest whore with the most STDs they have. The person behind the counter is shocked at the request but calls for Helga anyway. An old lady comes out and brings the boy to her room. She says "Young man, why would you want to do this? An STD could be with you the rest of your life!" To which the boy replies "I want an STD so when the babysitter touches me and then pleasures herself in the bathroom she will get it, and then when dad comes home and sleeps with the babysitter he will get it, and then when mom comes home and sleeps with dad she will get it, and when dad leaves for work and mom sleeps with the mail man, he will get, because the mailman is the motherfucker that ran over my frog!"
 
 
What is a gay Duck’s favourite part of the body?
The buttquack
 
 
Some creep offered me money for a blowjob.
That whole experience left a bitter taste in my mouth.
 
 
I had my penis removed and my wife wanted a divorce because I had no parts.
Fortunately we have "no parts" backwards.
 
 
Whats the difference between a chick pea and a garbanzo bean?
I wouldn't let a Garbanzo bean on my face.
 
 
I recently started going to the gym, and I spent all afternoon looking on the internet for the best protein. It was a surreal experience.
Normally I spend all my internet time on amateur teens.
 
 
What's the most famous Mexican strip club called?
The Puffy Taco
 
 
What's the difference between an enzyme and a hormone?
You can't hear an enzyme
 
 
Husband: I’m in the mood for something kinky tonight. How about I blow my load in your ear?
Wife: No! I might go deaf!Husband: I’ve been shooting my wads in your mouth for the last 20 years and you’re still fucking talking, aren’t you?
 
 
I went to take a Claritin this morning, but accidentally grabbed the Cialis instead.
I sneezed so hard.
 
 
What happens when you hit Dwayne Johnson’s ass?
You hit rock bottom.
 
 
Robin Hood ripped his leather jerkin off

 
 
3 nuns in a Catholic church
There were 3 nuns all alone in a Catholic church. The church had big fancy glass windows in it, and the sun was beaming through them on a hot summer day.One nun said to the other nuns "it's hot in here let's take off our shirts." They all agreed to, and they all took off their shirts.Then there was a knock at the door. Bang, bang, bang The nuns said "who is it?" "It's the blind man, may I come in?" Returned the voice who knocked at the door.The ladies thought about it for a mintue, and said to each other "I guess we can let him in. He is bind after all." "Okay you can come in Mr. blind man" said the nuns.The man walls in, and says "hey ladies, nice tits!" "Now where do you want me to put the blinds?"
 
 
What's better than roses on your piano?
Tulips on your organ
 
 
What do you call a ghost’s erection?
A booooooooner
 
 
The rules of weed do not apply to pussy
If you can smell it across the room that's not good stuff
 
 
I was going to tell a joke about incest, but it’s really an inside joke.

 
 
There's a high probability
That your dad came first.
 
 
An old man living in front of the cemetery had a heart attack and died ..
Now he lives in front of his house.
 
 
My tooth had been bothering me for months so I called my dentist.
I accidentally dialed my proctologist though. Its okay, cause either way my cavity got filled.
 
 
The Greeks vs. the Italians
A Greek and Italian were debating who has the superior culture. The Greek says, “We have the Parthenon.” The Italian says, “We have the Coliseum.” The Greeks says, “We had great mathematicians and philosophers.” The Italian says, “We created a world empire and established Pax Romana.” And so on and so on for hours, until finally the Greek lights up and says…. “We invented sex!” The Italian nods slowly, thinks, and replies, “That is true—but it was Italians who introduced it to women!”
 
 
I once covered my scrotum in glitter and the results was pretty nuts
r/oneliners•Publicado poru/jtrier1hace 8 días2I once covered my scrotum in glitter and the results was pretty nuts
              
            
        .t3_p2ozst ._2FCtq-QzlfuN-SwVMUZMM3 {
          --postTitle-VisitedLinkColor: #9b9b9b;
          --postTitleLink-VisitedLinkColor: #9b9b9b;
        }
      542 puntos12 comentarios
 
 
Viagra won't make you into james bond...
but it just might make you Roger Moore
 
 
Did you know pigeons die after sex?
At least all the ones I've fucked have.
 
 
Why did the man leave his overweight wife?
She was too fat to move
 
 
There are twins in a tummy, playing cards.
One says: "I'll stop!"Why?" asks the other."Because that fucking dick over there is always looking into my cards."
 
 
I asked my crush if she would like to have sex with me. She said over my dead body.
Her funeral is this Sunday.
 
 
Why did Bill Clinton quit playing the saxophone?
He was too busy playing the whore Monica.
 
 
Why are peppers so good at archery
Because they habanero
 
 
Had to quit my job as a gynecologist..
I got tunnel vision.
 
 
Three old women sat on a park bench..
when suddenly a man came along and exposed himself in front of them!The first old lady took a look, and had a stroke!The second old lady took a look, and had a stroke!The third old lady took a look, but couldn't reach!
 
 
What do you call a short sighted gynecologist?
Fuck knows
 
 
What did the rose say when it wants to have sex?
I'm so thorny
 
 
Pineapple pizza is like going down on your cousin...
...it tastes good but something ain't right
 
 
How many animals are in a woman's underwear?
One beaver, one ass, hundreds of tiny hares, and an invisible dead fish.
 
 
What do you pay to get into hooker school?
Prostituition
 
 
What’s the difference between an ophthalmologists and a gynecologist?
One checks above the lips and one checks inside the lips.
 
 
What’s the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer?
A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again.
 
 
An old woman walks into a dentist
She walks into the treatment room, whereupon she immediately whips off her knickers, sits down and lifts her legs. The dentist proclaims "I'm a dentist, not a gynecologist". The old woman replies "I know, but my husband wants his teeth back"
 
 
3 engineers
A mechanical engineer, an electrical engineer and a civil engineer are sitting around and talking about God.The mechanical engineer says, "God is a mechanical engineer. Just look at the human body - a light-weight skeleton with moving parts holding up a massive frame of muscle and fat. God must be a mechanical engineer!"The electrical engineer disagrees. "No, no. God is an electrical engineer. Just look at the human body - the nerve system routes electrical signals to the brain which is essentially a computer. God must be an electrical engineer!"The civil engineer disagrees. "No, no. God is a civil engineer. Just look at the human body - only a civil engineer would run a toxic waste pipe through a playground."
 
 
One day, a little boy wrote to Santa Clause, "Please send me a sister." Santa Clause wrote him back, "Ok, send me your mother."

 
 
A husband and wife are having issues in the bedroom. The wife can't orgasm because it's too damn hot.
They see a sex therapist, and he recommends that they have a constant supply of cool air in the bedroom, so the man asks his best friend to waft a towel while he and his wife make love. Begrudgingly, the friend submits and   wafts the towel for them After 20 minutes of lovemaking, the woman is no closer to orgasm, so the friend wafting the towel recommends that they switch places. So the friend is now having sex with the woman while the husband wafts the towel.After two minutes, the woman starts to tremble and lets out an incredible cry as she reaches the most intense orgasm she has ever had.The husband looks at his friend, and proudly proclaims, "Now that, my friend, is how you waft a fucking towel."
 
 
A family is at the zoo and they get to the elephants when the daughter notices something odd so she looks at her mom and says, "Mom, what's that thing hanging down from the elephant?"
She answers, "That's his trunk." "No, in the back," the daughter says. "That's his tail." "No, underneath!" The mother blushes and says, "Oh that's nothing."The daughter is confused, so she asks her dad. "Dad, what's that thing hanging down under the elephant?" "Oh, that's his penis," the dad replies. "Why when I asked Mommy did she say it was nothing?""Oh she's just spoiled," dad replies.
 
 
A husband says to his wife, "Why don’t you tell me when you orgasm?" She replies, "I don’t like calling you when you’re at work."

 
 
Little Red Riding Hood was walking through the woods one day...
...when the Big Bad Wolf jumped out from behind a tree and yelled "Ah ha! I got you now, lil' Red Riding Hood. I am gonna fuck you, and fuck you hard!"Little Red leaned up against a tree, pulled her skirt up, and said "Bullshit! You are gonna eat me like the book says"
 
 
Drinking in a bar on a work trip far from my hotel…
I knew there was no way I could drive my rental car back, but then I realized I could take a bus. As I’m taking the bus back it comes to a police checkpoint, and the police just waved the bus right through. I was so relieved when I got back to my hotel because that was the first time I’d ever driven a bus.
 
 
Eating booty on a plane.
A good game of skyrim!
 
 
What is the #1 dating app in Alabama?
Incestry.com
 
 
"I bet you can't tell me something that will make me both happy and sad at the same time," a husband says to his wife. She thinks about it for a moment and then responds, "Your penis is bigger than your brother's."

 
 
Vern and Earl were sitting around the old folks home when Edith came by lifting her dress and yelling Super Pussy!!
Earl turns to Vern and says "I think I'll have the soup!!"
 
 
My grandfather died in a concentration camp. Poor fellow fell out of a watch tower.

 
 
What did the egg say before it was boiled?
It’s gonna take me a minute to get hard, I just got laid.
 
 
What does a bouncer say to a glass of piss?
Ur-ine.
 
 
What is smaller than a teeny weeny flea?
A flea's teeny weenie!!
 
 
My cousin has a crippling, irrational fear of being beaten up by Mexicans.
……so his doctor gave him some  medication for Hispanic attacks.
 
 
If Jedi are a brotherhood that uses the Force, what is one Jedi in relation to another?
His Force-kin.
 
 
How do you know a girl from Alabama is a virgin?
You know she's a virgin when she's the fastest runner in her family.
 
 
Scientist #1: Wow! We just discovered a new species of spider. What should we call it?
Scientist #2: Well, it has a small body and very long legs. Why don’t we call it “Long Legs” ?Scientist #1: Not kinky enough.
 
 
What did the leper tell the hooker?
Keep the tip.
 
 
Wanna know a good way to get kicked from the boy scouts?
Get caught eating brownies
 
 
It only takes 3.5 inches to please a woman...
Visa, Mastercard, or American Express.
 
 
A little boy got high with his uncle
One  day, a kid had to go on vacation with his uncle. He got really high  with his uncle on his way to the vacation. The boy had a hard time being  high. Being high made him anxious and paranoid and panicky about  leaving home and all of the bad things that can happen as he got higher  and higher. About an hour after he stopped getting higher, he realized  things aren't going to be that bad and started to have a good time. Once  he started to get less high, he started freaking out because he thought  he was going to die.He felt very relieved as soon as he landed and the pilot said they have arrived at their destination.
 
 
This guy told me he pulled off his boxers before going to bed...
I said to him: ‘You spoil those dogs’.
 
 
My partner said, "Is there anything better than persevering and winning the Special Olympics?"
I said, "Yeah, not being retarded."
 
 
I've been into this Japanese animated writing utensil porn
It's called pentai. Try it out
 
 
This December I'm going to tickle Santa's balls.
Then we'll have a white Christmas.
 
 
My grandmother always said that my generation is dependent on technology.
That was ironic because she sure seemed to be dependent on technology when I unplugged the life support machine.
 
 
Your mom told me to deal with the dog

 
 
Why was the blondes belly button all red and bruised?
Because her BF was a blonde too.
 
 
A girl cried in my friend shoulder because her grandpa passed a way and he got hard..
..my bro got a mourning wood
 
 
There was a girl from Pawtucket.
There was a girl from Pawtucket, with face tattoos and a mullet. Who engaged a pawn, to murder the mom, of an Ex with a gun that she printed.
 
 
A little girl and an old man are walking through the woods at night...
and the little girls said: "gee, it sure is scary here, mister."to which the old man replied: "if you think it's scary now, just think, I have to walk out of here alone."
 
 
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet?
Because they lactose
 
 
I asked my boyfriend what it's like having a dick.
He said it's okay, but it's hard sometimes.
 
 
My grandmother went to the library and asked for a book on euphemisms...
So the librarian took her up the rear aisle and let her have it.
 
 
But Master Yoda
… if both of your hands are on my shoulders, then what’s that poking me in the back, and why are you giggling?!
 
 
Ever wondered why women have orgasms?
Just another reason for them to moan.
 
 
Why is Santa so jolly?
Because he knows where all the bad girls live.Ho, ho, ho!
 
 
I stumbled across a redneck orgy.
Turns out it was their family reunion.
 
 
I am always horny...
Thats one Hard life
 
 
Is that a mirror in your pocket?
'Cause I can see myself in your pants!
 
 
I just realized that Nigerian is pronounced with a soft “g” not a hard “g.”

 
 
The Definition of Ultimate Trust
Two gay cannibals giving each other head.
 
 
A priest and a nun on a mission are riding through the desert on a camel when the camel falls to the ground dead.
After assessing their situation, they decide it’s best to find shelter and prepare for walking out at night. After searching they find minor shade and the nun asks the priest if he thinks they can get out of the desert. It’s clear to him their chances are slim and he thinks back to his years on earth with some regret that he has never been with a woman.He brings up the topic with the nun and she too, thinking their demise is imminent, wishes she had experienced more of life.  The wiley priest talks the nun into having sex and they spread their clothes over the sand. As the priest hovers over the nun with his erection facing her, she asks what that thing is. The priest replies all noble and priestly saying his erection is the giver of life.The nun rolls over, grabs her clothes, and says, let’s not waste anymore time. Put that thing in the camel and let’s get out of here.
 
 
Guess what came in the mail?
https://www.vice.com/en/article/7kvqp9/sperm-on-a-postcard-breakthrough-opens-door-to-massive-sperm-books
 
 
What do bear cubs and girls from West Virginia have in common?
They both like to lick their paws.
 
 
You know what the worst part of having man boobs is?
No one wants to let you play with their boobs. You know what the best part of having man boobs is? You still got boobs to play with.
 
 
My dick might only be 4 inches....
But it smells like a foot.
 
 
My boss makes a dollar and I make a dime.
And that's why I poop on company time.
 
 
For our anniversary, I threw a surprise bukkake party for my wife….
Everybody came!!!You shoulda seen her face
 
 
I know now, that you Are not allowed to play with
A flamingo- cock at the zoo...
 
 
There are lots away to pleasure a snake sexually
But I won't rattle them off.
 
 
What’s the difference between a stripper and a contortionist?
One of them has a cunning stunt….
 
 
What’s the difference between a pick-pocket and a peeping-tom?
One of them snatches watches…
 
 
Proud skuncle here!.....
The coolest baby sitter and reaking of weed! Sorry little buddy I finished off the goldfish!
 
 
So I'd like to post in dad jokes but......
I just can't let my brother know what happened that night!
 
 
If having sex on a plane is called the mile high club what is masturbating on a plane called?
High-jacking
 
 
I got kicked out of a church.
I thought they were singing, "O cum, all ye faithful".
 
 
I had the salad special at the sperm bank...
Tossed with extra bread cums
 
 
3 moms are having coffee after their morning yoga. The brunette mom says I found cigarettes in my 14 YO daughter's dresser drawer, I can't believe she smokes.
The raven-haired mom says that's bad but I found alcohol in my 15 YO daughter's closet, I can't believe she  drinks.The blonde says, oh those are bad but I found condoms in my daughter's backpack, I can't believe she has a dick.
 
 
What's the difference between an Olympic women's track team and a tribe of pygmy's?
One is a cunning bunch of runts and the other is a running bunch of.....nevermind.
 
 
My son said he’s staying at his GF’s house tonight.
I said: “don’t forget the condoms.” He said: “Dad, I’m only 15.” I said: “and I’m 30.”Was told to be sent here from r/dadjokes
 
 
What does an air conditioner have in common with your wife?
They both suck when they blow.
 
 
I knew the moment I slapped that statue’s ass
I had hit rock bottom
 
 
There was a standup comedian making jokes about Putin.
The crowd didn't think the jokes were funny but they liked the execution.
 
 
What did the gyno say to her veteran patient?
Thank you for your cervix!
 
 
What's worse than having a lobster on yer piano?
Having crabs on yer organ!
 
 
GIRLS ARE LIKE CATS
Give them too much attention and they will run away. But ignore them just the right amount and they will show you their butthole.
 
 
How do you circumcise a redneck?
You kick his sister in the jaw.
 
 
How do you turn a dishwasher into a snowblower?

 
 
I don't need an invite to the sperm bank
They know I'm coming
 
 
Jim and John are sitting by the side of the road, drinking moonshine
When they see a funeral procession drive by.Jim - “John, d’you know who that was?”John - “well that was Bobby, poor guy”Jim - “well how did he live?”John - “Bobby? He lived life to the fullest, never denied himself anything, always with girls, big fan of the moonshine”Jim pushed his moonshine away and says“You know what, enough drinking, Bobby drank, and now he’s dead, I don’t want to die”So they’re sitting there, not drinking, when  another funeral procession drives by.Jim - “John, d’you know who that was?”John - “Oh, that was Dave”
 
 
Condoms
Or as I call them "child proof wrapping".(I hope y'all like this. r/dadjokes didn't find it amusing).
 
 
We should scrap the whole female and male thing.
We should have V-males and D-males.
 
 
I'm always arrive early at the sperm bank...
First come, first served
 
 
I am worried that my brother is getting a seal as a pet.
I heard a group of them killed Bin Laden.
 
 
Today has been terrible since my wife got hit by a bus.
And that means I lost my job as a bus driver!
 
 
Tonight my partner said I can finally perform the JFK sexual position.
That is where I splatter all over her while she screams and tries to get out of the car.
 
 
Priest on a beach
This joke was told to me by a waiter at a restaurant. I liked my alternate punchline better than his.There's this French priest who's been working hard day and night.  (Keep your mind out of the gutter). finally gets a chance to go to the beach.Day 1 - he goes down to the beach, sits on a chair, and a topless blonde comes by and says "Hey Father"Day 2 - he goes down to the beach, sits on a chair, and a topless blonde comes by and says "Hey Father"Day 3 - he goes to the beach, and by God, that same topless blonde comes by."Excuse me, how did you know I was a priest?""It's me, Mother Teresa!"Alternate ending:"You're the only man on the beach staring at the young male waiters instead of my chest"
 
 
A guy walks into the doctor's office with a piece of lettuce hanging out of his ass...
The doc takes one look and he says, "Damn, Son, it looks like we have one hell  of a problem here." The guy responds "this is just the tip of the iceberg."
 
 
Why should you stick to drinking apple juice?
Because OJ will kill you
 
 
Do you know how to find a nazi?
Use a adolf hitlure
 
 
My priest told me I was good looking,
I was touched.
 
 
I was walking in the park with my nephew and we saw two dogs shagging
My nephew asked what they were doing and I didn’t know what to say, so I said: ‘that dog on top has something wrong with his front legs, so the dog on the bottom is helping him get home’‘Ah’, replied my nephew. ‘Dogs are just like humans then, you try to help someone and get screwed along the way’
 
 
I thought about taking herbal viagra
Mycoxaflopin
 
 
What did the constipated mathematician do?
He worked it out with a pencil.
 
 
If a bluebird has blue babies and a redbird has red babies, what kind of bird has no babies?
A swallow
 
 
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
A rip-off.
 
 
Why Is Dr Pepper's wife sad?
Because he comes in a bottle
 
 
What's the difference between a nun and a girl in the bathtub?
The nun has hope in her soul, and the girl has soap in her hole.
 
 
How can you tell who the blind man is at a nudist colony?
It’s not hard.
 
 
Two dicks are walking down the street...
One of them sees a gay bar, so he says to the other, "hey man, you wanna go get shit faced?"
 
 
Two guys talking on the beach and one says, "Why do you get all the girls?"
The other answers, "Easy.  Just put a potato in your pants."They meet up later and the first guy says, "I tried it, but all they did was laugh at me."2nd guy "You gotta put it in the front."
 
 
Why should you never do the reverse cowgirl in Alabama?
Because you never turn your back on family.
 
 
Picking your nose is like masturbaiting
It feels good and you finally released the booger
 
 
The doctor told my friend he has erectile disfunction but he doesn't seem worried.
He says this problem will not be hard to beat.
 
 
If you experience an erection lasting longer than 4 hours...
...Seek immediate female attention.
 
 
My favorite x-man is
Caitlin Jenner
 
 
I ask my armless friend how he takes the jokes
He can't.
 
 
What's the difference between handymen and handywomen?
Handymen have tools, while handywomen have chests.
 
 
A toast to ask the uncles: To all the kisses I snatched and vice versa!

 
 
Dirty joke: two white horses fell into a mud puddle.
Dirtier joke: three horses came out of the mud puddle.
 
 
I met a Russian man with three testicles, once...
Who’dyagetabollockoff.
 
 
What sex position makes ugly kids?
Ask yo momma
 
 
How can you tell a mechanic just had sex?
One of his fingers is clean
 
 
I got a Handjob last night from a blind girl…
She said you got the biggest dick I put my hands on and I said no your just pulling my leg!
 
 
After you pay a woman to marry you,
You should at least throw her a bribal shower.
 
 
I recently became a gynaecologist. I realise me and my puppy are very similar.
We both got a wet nose all day
 
 
90 percent of men jerk off in the shower, the other 10 percent sing. What do they sing?
If you don't know, you belong to the 90 percent.
 
 
I learned today that you can generate 50-70 mW/m2 from human excrement and hearing these sorts of innovations, I wonder ...
How do they come up with this shit?!
 
 
I slept with the local deaf girl,
I didn’t want her to tell anyone as I was embarrassed, so I broke all her fingers.
 
 
How to persuade a gay to fuck a woman?
Shit in her vagina
 
 
What do you call a hitman who kills your former spouse?
An exterminator
 
 
How do you know if a mechanic has just had sex?
One of his fingers is clean
 
 
What is the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean?
I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face.
 
 
How is light beer like sex on a boat?
Because it's fuckin' close to water
 
 
What's worse than ants in your pants?
Uncles
 
 
After death what's the only organ that stays warm?
My penis.Told by my brother who was a Herst driver for 8 months.
 
 
Alabama octopus
What do you call an octopus with an oedipus complex?An incestalopod
 
 
The sex position 69 is now called a 96.
It's because the cost of eating out has gone up.
 
 
Why did cavemen drag women by the hair?
By the feet their pussies fill up with mud.
 
 
My life is a lot like dried grapes falling off a building.
No raisin to live.
 
 
I really wanted to fuck my girlfriend but she fucked me instead.
Touché
 
 
Why did Princess Peach choke?
Because Mario came down the wrong pipe
 
 
Getting a vasectomy is a total rip-off.
My cousin said he got one but his wife still got pregnant. All it did was change the color of the baby!
 
 
No officer, I did not drink a bottle of alcohol and smoke pot before getting in this car...
I'm just in high spirits!
 
 
What is better than a rose on a guitarist?
Tulips on my pianist.
 
 
Why can't Miss Piggy count to 70?
69 gives her a frog in the throat!
 
 
My Tinder date and I went fishing. I heard her toot. She politely excused herself and squatted behind some bushes near the lakeshore. I stole a quick glance and
to my relief, she was taking a big carp.
 
 
My friend has a YouTube channel where she just pisses in the shower.
I lot of people say her streams are golden.
 
 
I got kicked out of karaoke night with Masturbators Anonymous.
I should not have sung "Beat It".
 
 
Uncle, what's the true confidence?
This is when two cannibals suck each others dick,
 
 
Three women had three boyfriends named LeRoy
They were together one night and one said, “ We need to call our boyfriends something else, so we know which one we’re talkin about.”Another girl said, “Let’s name them after sodas.”So the first girl thought about it and she said, “I’m gonna call mine Mountain Dew, cuz when he mounts he sure can do.”The second girl said, “I’m gonna name mine 7up, cuz he’s got 7 inches and he sure can keep it up.”The third girl said, “I’m gonna call mine Jack Daniels.“The first girl said, “Well that’s a hard liquor!”The third girl just grinned.
 
 
I punched my psychologist.
He's thera-pissed.
 
 
Why are jokes in porn so hard to get?
They're usually tongue in chick.
 
 
Marriage is a lot like a deck of cards.
You need two hearts and a diamond but by the end you wish you had a club and a spade.
 
 
What gets easier to pick up the heavier it is?
Woman.
 
 
What's big, wet, full of black seed and sold off cheaply?
Watermelon...and my mom
 
 
I accidentally overdosed on viagra yesterday
Hardest day of my life
 
 
Remember when "face covering"...
... meant the porno film was almost over?
 
 
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Juan. Just Juan.
 
 
How do you get into a pool full of women?
Easy, it's called muff diving.
 
 
What did the lonely lumberjack use to get laid?
TINDERRRRR!!!!
 
 
When I was younger I would treat women like objects…
Now I treat objects like women.
 
 
Non-lesbian sex is generally a dick move.

 
 
I went for a porn audition shoot today.
I sucked.
 
 
A Big Penis Moves To A School For Small Pussies
It didn't fit in
 
 
Why can’t black people swim?
Family tradition, you only travel in ships
 
 
Feminism took around 80 years to hit its third wave.
Covid took less than two.
 
 
Why is it so hard to understand comedy porn?
So many of the jokes are tongue-in-chick.
 
 
9 out of 10 people enjoy a gang bang!
;)
 
 
Not a joke. But am I the only one who reads the posts on this sub in Hank Shrader's voice?

 
 
Only one thing better than eating a mandarine
And that's eating a mander out
 
 
Who was the first carpenter?
Eve. She made Adam's banana stand
 
 
Thank goodness for nipples
Without them, boobs would be pointless!
 
 
What’s the difference between light and hard?
You can sleep with a light on.
 
 
I met a hooker the other day and she had the whitest teeth I've ever cum across!

 
 
What's the difference between a four-year-old boy and a bag of crack?
Eric Clapton let one of them fall out a window.
 
 
What do you call a gay pride parade?
A campsite.
 
 
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam?
I can't peanut butter my dick in your ass
 
 
I tend to ignore people farting.
I know it's just some asshole talking shit.
 
 
Did you know how do you get Dick from Richard?
You just have to ask him nicely.
 
 
What you call a chick that don’t suck dick?
You don’t
 
 
What do you call a slut during the holidays?
A Mistlehoe.
 
 
How did the accountant solve his constipation?
He worked it out with a pencil.
 
 
What's the similarity between me and a straight vegan man?
We both don't get any sausage..
 
 
If a get-rich-quick scheme is too good to be true, then a Nigerian prince inheritance

 
 
Why do woman have legs?
So their feet don't smell like pussy.
 
 
How do you make swedish meatballs
You go to Sweden and press a hooker's face into your nuts.
 
 
How do you say constipated in german?
Far-from-poopin.
 
 
Why did the rooster cross the road
The chicken that already crossed wanted some cock
 
 
I found out my grandfather is addicted to Viagra.
No one is taking it harder than Grandma.(Posted in wrong sub before)
 
 
Your mom was lying. I'm not pro-choice.
I'm pro-abortion. She should never have had a choice to let you live.
 
 
My uncle used to circumcise elephants. The pay was terrible, but...
The tips were massive.
 
 
What's worse than going down on your grandmother?
Hitting your head on her coffin.
 
 
I helped my uncle jack off a horse.
My uncle jack is really heavy, so it was hard to get him off of the horse.
 
 
If a bomb goes off during oral sex...
That my friends, is a devastating blow
 
 
Whats the difference between a pregnant woman and a light bulb?
You can unscrew a light bulb.
 
 
A man comes across 2 deer in the park.
He's then arrested by the park rangers.
 
 
Has legs, but don't walk... has feathers but it is not a chicken... What it is?
A dead horse with a duster in his ass
 
 
How do you proposition a chicken for sex?
Poulet-vous coucher avec moi?
 
 
What do you call a lesbian sundae?
A lickity split
 
 
What did the store manager say to the mannequin that had one leg shorter than the other?
I can't fucking stand you.
 
 
What does every gynecologist have to do before graduating med school?
Study abroad.
 
 
So I brought a white bitch with a nice hairy pussy to my apartment's bedroom last night.
I regret it..the bitch kept shitting on the carpet and the pussy kept scratching my new furniture...oh man, pets are annoying !!
 
 
Why should you never have sex with a wendigo?
Because a wendigo doesn't know wendistop!
 
 
What do you get when you cross Little Orphan Annie with spousal abuse?
A hard-knock wife.
 
 
What did Wendy do when she first saw Captain Hook?
She Peedherpants
 
 
What goes in hard and dry, but comes out soft and wet?
Gum....you dirty minded perverts.
 
 
I farted at work the other day…
and my coworker started trying to open the window. It must have been a really bad one — we work on a submarine.
 
 
What do you call 4 Puerto Ricans in quick sand?
Quatro sinko.
 
 
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
Wiped his butt
 
 
Why don't they have a show on broadway called: The Cock Monologues?
Nobody would go see a show that's over in five minutes,and you'd have to wait an hour for the encore.
 
 
What's the hardest part of eating a vegetable?
Putting her back in the wheelchair.
 
 
Whats the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping tom?
One snatches your watch, the other watches your snatch
 
 
I dig, you dig, she dig, we dig, you dig.
This poem may not be beautiful, but it’s certainly very deep.
 
 
What does one boob say to the other boob?
If we don’t get support, people will think we’re nuts.
 
 
Remember when you used to blow bubbles as a kid?
Well I met him at Walmart and he’s looking for you.
 
 
I can’t remember the Scientific name for female genitalia but…
It’s on the tip of my tongue
 
 
What did one saggy boob say to the other one?
You know, if we don't get a lift, people will think we're nuts.
 
 
What to call a girl who's getting into a sex position while his guy is looking at her curiously?
Analyzing
 
 
I had sex with my back lawn and was arrested.
They charged me with sodomy.
 
 
What's the difference between a drunk Morse code operator and a lesbian?
One's a lit clicker and the other is a clit licker.
 
 
Little Jack Horner sat in the corner fingering Mary Mary. He stuck in his thumb, pulled out a plum and said, "My, what a merry cherry!"

 
 
I was going to be a gynecologist..
But I couldn’t find an opening.
 
 
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef. What do you call a cow with two legs?
Your mom.
 
 
What's the difference between a lima bean and a chickpea?
I wouldn't pay $50 to have a lima bean on my face.
 
 
Did you hear Mark Knopfler set up a sperm bank?
It's called Money for Nuttin'
 
 
What’s the difference between an enzyme and a hormone?
You can’t hear an enzyme.
 
 
I hear sperm banks are being investigated for possible human trafficking.
I hear they are in the business of selling kids.
 
 
Since humans take steroids,
Do stairs take humanoids?
 
 
My uncle is a computer genius!
The police even called him a pdf file!!
 
 
I got sued from NASA the other day.
Because i claimed to be the first one to enter youranis.
 
 
Why do people dress the same when they're going to a funeral or wedding
They're mourning the loss of a friend
 
 
I recently told a joke about that building in Miami that collapsed…
It fell flat
 
 
You know what they say about having sex while camping.
It's fucking in tents!
 
 
What do Cats Stevens and priests have in common?
They both ask where the children play
 
 
Hookers have gone up $99.00 per pound with a 3 hour delay
But it's worth the wait
 
 
On the very rare occasion I hear about fat-shaming, I get so angry
because it's obvious there's not nearly enough fat-shaming going on.
 
 
What’s the plus (+) sign shout as he entered the party?
Okay, who wants sum?!?
 
 
What do you call putting sperm back in the bottle?
Unbecoming
 
 
Had to call into work today. Told my boss it might be the Corona.
Little did he know I had about 15 of them with lime.
 
 
My girlfriend told me I was "fucking stupid" after I told a bad joke.
Apparantly, pointing out she called herself stupid is not the best decision in this situation.
 
 
Why do sergeants have such scrawny legs?
Because they focus too much on strengthening their privates
 
 
I said to the guy in the sex shop, "I'd like to get a new sex toy for my wife"
He looked her up and down, and said"Seems like a fair trade!"
 
 
Two flies are arguing on a toilet seat when...
One gets pissed off!
 
 
What’d the Tin Man say to the Scarecrow?
Your ass is grass
 
 
Even though I’m straight, sometimes I let guys jerk off on my arms
But only on my bi-ceps
 
 
I know an oncologist who loves to travel south every winter.
He said there’s nothing hot about the topic of cancer.
 
 
My coworkers called me an absolute legend when I told them that every single night for the last 6 months I've had dirty unprotected sex with different women and that one time I even skull fucked 2 sisters. My coworkers were amazed when I said that not even one woman has ever ended up pregnant...
I can't wait to visit the cemetery again tonight.
 
 
Why did the sperm cross the road?
Because I put on the wrong sock this morning.
 
 
Did you know that Pontious Pilate had a twin?
Goddam double crossers
 
 
What do you call used maxipad art?
A period piece
 
 
What do you call a kitchen appliance that used to like farm vehicles but doesn’t anymore?
An ex-tractor-fan
 
 
What do you call a sleepwalking nun?
a Roamin’ Catholic.
 
 
Say what you will about blind hookers
you gotta hand it to them
 
 
What do you call a prostitutes babies?
Brothel sprouts
 
 
What's better than roses on the piano?
Tulips on the organ.
 
 
Kids shouldn't use Apple products
Otherwise, their iBalls won't develop properly.
 
 
The Vegan Feminist didn't turn up....
I told her to meat me down the man hole.
 
 
Those of you who are outraged at the slut/stud double standard, let me tell you a little something.
Imagine you have a sword that can pierce any shield in the world. That would be a pretty awesome sword, wouldn't it?Now imagine you have a shield that can be pierced by any sword in the world. That would be a pretty crummy shield, wouldn't it?Now apply the same logic to penises and vaginas...
 
 
I asked my gay best friend about any difference in his experiences with having sex with white men vs black men
He said "Getting fucked by a white guy will make my day, but getting fucked by a black guy makes my hole weak"
 
 
What’s the difference between a dad joke and an uncle joke?
King Joffrey didn’t know.
 
 
READ THIS OUT LOUD!
This is this cat. This is is cat. This is how cat. This is to cat. This is keep cat. This is an cat. This is idiot cat. This is busy cat. This is for cat. This is forty cat. This is seconds cat. Now please go back to the top, read it again, but only the third word in each line. :P
 
 
[on a blind date]
Her: GET OFF ME!
 
 
Why are all women lefties?
Because they lost all of their rights.
 
 
After a wonderful night, the girl rolls over and says "What should we name the baby?"
The guy ties a knot on the rubber and says: "If he'll gets out of this one, we'll call him MacGyver!"
 
 
Why don't witches fly after sex?
Because they don't want to slide off the broom.......
 
 
Why do women have legs?
So they don’t leave a snail-trail.
 
 
Jeffery Epstein once visited the Virgin Islands.
They are now called the Islands.
 
 
Me: I was assaulted by my uncle when I was a kid.
Friend: what did he do to you?Me: He covered me up with a lot of salt-Friend: haha, nice pun.Me: and beat me with his belt.
 
 
What is long, hard, and full of seamen?
A ship
 
 
Do you remember blowing Bubbles in the bath tub when you were younger?
Because he's been asking about you
 
 
So my girlfriend and I went to her mom's house for Thanksgiving. Her mom went into the kitchen on the other side of the house to check the turkey. A few minutes later she called out and asked me to come and help her with some stuffing. Eager to help I ran to the kitchen...
Whipped out my cock and gave her the stuffing of a lifetime.
 
 
Every 4th of July the fireworks torture my dogs
So that means I have the night off
 
 
I enjoy making fat jokes because they target a wider audience...
and they're tons of fun.
 
 
My friend was very mad at me when he caught me sniffing his sister’s underwear.
I don't know if it was because she was still wearing them or because the rest of his family was watching. Either way, the rest of the funeral got very awkward after that.
 
 
What's the worst thing to say at a funeral?
Thanks for watching my unboxing video
 
 
Two hobos are walking down the street talking about the week they just had.
The first one says "I'm so lucky I found a $100 bill on the ground and was drunk for a week straight!" The second one exclaims "wow that's awesome, but I think I have you beat." "how so?" the second one asks."I was walking down the train tracks last week and found a girl tired to them. I quickly untied her and went under the bridge to have sex for a week straight."Amazed the first hobo says "you’re right that's way better than my week. Did you get any head from her?"To which the second hobo replies "no, I never did find the head."
 
 
My GF and I had a day at the zoo. It was going pleasantly until she lunged at me and scurried me out of the chimpanzee area, under a hailstorm of flying poop.
She was still pissed even after I told her that they started it.
 
 
The Bunny ranch has an all-you-can-eat option called the...
Platypus
 
 
I blame Star Wars for the rise in sexual assaults world wide.
I mean all the movies tell us to use the force...
 
 
My nephew is probably shopping online for a tuxedo for his pet rooster.
He told me he was looking for some good "Hen tie".
 
 
An Amish man is riding his horse carriage home from his wedding.
The horse stops in the middle of the road, so the man gets out. He walks over to the horse and says “horse that’s one.” He then goes back and the horse starts walking again. The horse stops again, so he gets out and says “horse, that’s two” and punches the horse. His wife is startled by this but the man ignores it. He returns to the carriage and it moves again. The horse stops in the middle of the road again. The man gets out, goes to the horse and says “horse, that’s three” and then he shoots the horse dead. His wife is upset and asks him why he would shoot a perfectly good horse. The man says “wife, that’s one.”
 
 
What did Bill Cosby say immediately after being released from prison?
Drinks on me!
 
 
Why shouldn't you tell a menstruation joke to a feminist?
She might ovary act.
 
 
What’d the nice guy say to the prostitute?
It’s been a business doin’ pleasure with ya!
 
 
I didn’t realise ducks die after they have sex.
At least the one I fucked did anyway.
 
 
A loaf of bread is making out with his wife and...
things start getting real hot and heavy.The wife says, "let's try something we've never done before."The loaf of bread says, "can I crumb on your face?"
 
 
There's a nudist colony for communists...
Two old men are sitting on the front porch. One turns to the other and says, "I say, old boy, have you read Marx?" The other says "Yes... I believe it's these wicker chairs."
 
 
How is a cat like a Chinese prostitute?
They both say "MEOW" when I have anal sex with them.
 
 
Back in school I knew a really smart gay guy who got turned on by hetero guys
He was a Straight-A student.
 
 
What do you call a sexy nun?
A bird of pray.
 
 
I helped my uncle jack off a horse…
…my uncle jack is really fat, so it was actually quite difficult to get him off the horse.
 
 
Johnny caught his Dad masturbating
“What are you doing Dad?” - asked JohnnyHis dad smiled: “Don’t worry son, you’ll do the same soon!”“But why?” - asked Johnny“Because my hands are getting tired” - said Dad(if u’ve seen this on r/Jokes, yes it’s the same thing, and it has been taken down so imma share it here)
 
 
I asked a local scarecrow how he’s able to work in the field all day and night
He said “This job isn’t for everyone, but hey, it’s in my genes.”
 
 
If nuts on a wall are walnuts and nuts on a chest are chestnuts, what do you call nuts on a chin?
Deep throat.
 
 
What do you call 1000 lesbians with machine guns?
Militia Etheridge
 
 
Which came first, the chicken or the egg?
The cock
 
 
What do you get when you combine a pickle and a deer?
A Dill Doe
 
 
What do you call a slutty potato?
A tater thot
 
 
Did you hear about the knight who was as small as sperm and had no foreskin?
SirCumSized
 
 
My nephew is coming back on Saturday to get his shit that he left behind and leave for good
I’m gonna go to the shop and buy a ton of porno magazines and some rhino pills so that when he goes back to his mom she sees it and yips out. He used to actually be a krokodil addict and I suspect he might, just, well. I gotta be honest here I don’t really have anything else to say.
 
 
A Brit says to an American: me mate just committed an heinous crime
What do you call frozen water that likes both men and women?
Bi' icicle
 
 
A deer walks out of a bar and says to itself…
…I can’t believe I just blew 1000 bucks
 
 
What do gay horses eat?
Heeeeeey!
 
 
What is the most incestuous fruit/vegetable?
The pump-kin
 
 
Smokey the Bear
Why cant smokey the bear have kids? Every time his wife gets hot, he beats her with a shovel.
 
 
Whats 14 inches long, purple, and makes women scream?
Stillbirth
 
 
Pornhub has announced they're sponsoring a baseball team. You might have heard of them.
They're called the Yankees.
 
 
Pirate orgies are the best.
You can come as you are or Arrrrr as you come.
 
 
Mom, I have the biggest dick in the 3rd grade. Is it because I’m black?
Mom: No Tyrone, it’s because you’re 19.
 
 
What’s the difference between a blow job and anal sex?
While a blow job will make your day, anal will make your hole weak.
 
 
What's one of the hottest body parts on an attractive person?
The armpits.That's science for ya.
 
 
Two hookers were standing on the corner and one asks the other "Do you smoke after sex?"
The other replied, "I don't know, I never looked".
 
 
My BDSM club took me to court for not being hardcore enough.
I got off with just a slap on the wrist.
 
 
My lesbian nighboorhoods brought me a Taco sandwich.
They didn't understand when I said i want something spicy and hot.
 
 
What do you call a one legged woman?
Eilleen.
 
 
So i met a hooker today who said she would do anything for five bucks
Guess who got their homework done!
 
 
Why don't witches wear underwears?
For a better grip on the broomstick.
 
 
Is Little Johnny allowed in here?
Little Johnny was at school and the teacher had a word exercise for the students. She would say a letter of the alphabet then call on a student to say a word that starts with the corresponding letter. The teacher knew Johnny was a bad mouth and not to call on him for A because he’d say ass, B because he’d say bitch, C because he’d say cunt, and so on. She finally gets to W and thinks "there’s no cuss word for W" so she calls on Johnny. "Johnny, what’s a word for W?" and Johnny replies "Womb". The teacher thought that was so sweet and asked "Aw, like a baby in a womb?".  Johnny replies "No! Like 2 elephants fucking! Woom! Woom! Woom!"
 
 
Did you know that blind and deaf guys can’t wake up to alarm clocks and only blow jobs can wake them up?
I didn’t know that until I moved in with Dave.
 
 
Everyone knows Elton John is a master at the piano
Be he sucks on an organ
 
 
Why are people from Finland so bad at sex?
Because they Finnish real early
 
 
They say nice guys finish last
This nice guy always finishes first. Your aunt can confirm.
 
 
Why did the monkey and Jane fight over Tarzan?
Because they heard he swings both ways...
 
 
What’s the biggest drawback in the jungle?
An elephants foreskin.
 
 
What did the bread say while making love?
I'm about to CRUMB!
 
 
What is the best part about having cancer?
Bald pussy.
 
 
What’s the lesbian version of a cock block?
A beaver dam.
 
 
I was watching my 8 year old nephew…
I brought over some DVDs and popcorn. During the movie, he said, “Uncle Skip, I’m scared! Is that lady gonna die?” I said, “Judging by the size of that horse’s cock…probably.”
 
 
Why did middle age people had so many children ?
They came a lot.
 
 
Why is Samuel l Jackson face on this subredddit ?
He is probably your real uncle.
 
 
What’s the difference between a pregnant lady and a light bulb…?
You can unscrew the light bulb!
 
 
What’s better than eating a mandarin?
Eating a mandarout.
 
 
What's the scientific name for Viagra?
mycoxafloppin
 
 
Abraham Lincoln is at an AA meeting.
To introduce themselves, everyone at the meeting is supposed to share what their last drink was, and when it was.First person says, “I had 6 shots of whiskey, and that was about 3 months ago.”Second person, “13 beers and a week ago”.Lincoln is up now. He says, “Four Coors and seven years ago.”
 
 
She said men think with their dicks
I told her "blow my mind"
 
 
What’s the difference between a carrot and a chickpea?
... Iv never paid to have a carrot on me
 
 
My chubby girlfriend has a keyboard fetish
She likes to be fat fingered
 
 
What do you call a nurse with dirty knees?
A head nurse
 
 
What does a person with unsymmetrical boobs experience?
Identitty Crisis
 
 
You know that even a proud atheist guy can turn to be the most religious guy...
All if her girlfriend just tells him that she missed her periods.
 
 
What does a hooker take for that minty clean blow job fresh breathe?
A predicament
 
 
The Bible and the Quran tell us to love each other
The Kamasutra is more specific
 
 
People should stop pretend to be good and start committing sins, especially Christians.
Because if no one sins, it'd lead us to the fact that Jesus died for nothing.
 
 
My wife likes to have sex at 4 AM
She says she prefers it before son-up.
 
 
Why is it called MENstruation when it has nothing to do with MEN?
That's a bloody good question.
 
 
What do a limo driver and a hairy stripper have in common?
They both get paid to chauffeur.
 
 
So I used to suffer from compulsive masturbation...
But I ended up beating it
 
 
What's the difference between a casual dress party and a pirate having sex?
One, you come as you are..The other, you ARRRR as you cum.
 
 
What to call a Communist girl having sex during period cramps?
Cum-red
 
 
Bishop.
I slapped that bishop side his head after disrespecting me
 
 
A black guy showed me his cock and started to talk about his naughty adventures with sexy bitches.
He misunderstood when I said I like to watch BBC news.
 
 
Why did Cassius Clay change his name to Muhammad Ali?
He was sick of all the pottery questions.
 
 
Your mama is so ugly…
…her memory foam mattress got PTSD.
 
 
My 8 year old (Pokemon fan) niece literally just told me this.
My grandson got 69/70 on his test
That lovely teacher never had 0 teeth before. Oh deary me now it's a 70yo
 
 
Have you ever had sex while camping?
Its fucking in tents.
 
 
What's worse than ants in your pants?
Uncle's in your pants.
 
 
What does a robot do after sex?
He nuts and bolts.
 
 
Chinese joke
What do the Chinese call 69?Two can chew
 
 
What’s got 4 legs and sucks dick?
You and your dad
 
 
I always put condoms over my ears when listening to music from Queen
I don’t want to catch hearing aids
 
 
How were the massive crowds able to hear Hitler speak?
He had a long line of field Marshall’s.
 
 
Channelling the Diceman
Old Mother Hubbard went to the cupboard to get her poor dog a bone' and when she bent over, Rover took over and gave her a bone of his own.
 
 
What's the difference?
What's the difference between a whore and a bitch?A whore fucks everyone. A bitch fucks everyone, BUT, you.
 
 
Channelling the Diceman pt.2
Hickory dicory dock. This bitch was sucking my cock. The clock struck 2. I dumped my goo, and dumped the bitch on the next block.
 
 
Scottish Pride
Why do Scotsmen always wear wellies?So they can put the back legs of the sheep in them and try to walk them off a cliff.
 
 
How did Rhianna know that Chris Brown was cheating on her?
He had another woman's lipstick on his knuckles.
 
 
Someone next to me at subway asked for my dick.
She said she wanted 6 inches Italian bred.
 
 
Breaking News!: Two teens cut cocks off while high on meth.
Back in my day we did not need meth. We would just cut our cocks off.
 
 
Why did the pony always sound sick?
Because he smokes to much. Now get outta here you little rapscallion!
 
 
Did you hear about the Irish baseball player who suffered severe burns?
He used a coffee cup
 
 
A naked woman robbed a bank and never got caught.
Nobody ever could remember her face.
 
 
50 years ago BOTH my parents were fucking children.
It’s crazy to think they were only caught last year
 
 
My wife cries when watching Bird Box or when having sex
Nothing brings her to tears like a bad performance.
 
 
What can a woman put on her ears to become more attractive?
Her knees.
 
 
My wife asked me how I was so good at making love.
I said she should thank all the women that came before her.
 
 
Me: *turns on the furnace because its cold outside*
The other jews in the concentration camp: .... panic
 
 
Doctor, my anus hurts. Near the entrance...
I heard Arnold Schwarzenegger is opening an abortion clinic, it's going to be called...
Hasta La Vista Baby
 
 
Arnold Schwarzenegger has just been arrested and charged after...
Police found footage of him in a predator movie.
 
 
Little miss Muffet sat on her tuffet eating her curds and whey...
...along came a spider that sat down beside her and said, "what's in the bowl, b****?"
 
 
Why did Popeye punch The Pope?
Because he went to Mount Olive.
 
 
Harvey Weinstein was worried
Harvey Weinstein was worried he could not get necessary medical care in prison. The judge called him to chambers and said, “I’ll guarantee your access to care, but you have to blow me.”
 
 
My wife told me she has a bun in the oven, she's not the greatest cook though...
My dad said 30 years ago that he was going out for cigarettes.
He must have lung cancer by now as he never came back.
 
 
So then I said…
I don’t care if you’re my sister, we’re keeping this baby.
 
 
I like my women how I like my freezer...
Cold, devoid of life and with all my meat inside them.
 
 
What do you call a gay drive by?
A froot-roll up
 
 
I like my women how I like my coffee
Without a dick
 
 
A man tied a noose to a talking tree but just walked away.
The tree said, "Don't leave me hanging!"
 
 
Mary had a little coke, her stash was white as snow. And everywhere that Mary went, she took a little blow.

 
 
The lesbians next door gave me a Rolex as a gift
I think they misunderstood when I said "I wanna watch"
 
 
Before sex, you help each other get naked, after sex you only dress yourself
Moral of the story is, no one helps you after you get fucked
 
 
There once was a girl who had a great ball
She enjoyed kicking it in the house, down the hall I told her to stop! Quit! They both landed in dog-shit And now there is poop on the wall
 
 
I met my new young, hot blonde girlfriend on the net...
Ironically, i was the one who ended up caught.
 
 
I'm not gay, but 100 dollar per night is 100 dollar.
That's alot of money.
 
 
I ask my Latina Girlfriend to speak to me in Espanol everytime I smash her because as they say (everything is sexier in Spanish).

 
 
I was eating out this chick and she kept trying to get me to talk to her
Whats wrong? Cat got your tongue?
 
 
Technically, a fart is just....
Enunciating your bowels
 
 
There once was a vampire named mabel
Whose period was rather quite stable.Once in a moonShes pull out a spoonAnd drink herself under the table
 
 
What is the bible sex tape called?
The second cumming of Jesus
 
 
Just a friendly reminder that rape jokes aren't funny...
You can't just insert jokes like that without consent.
 
 
I was almost arrested for masturbating in public
But I got off with a warning
 
 
They are remaking Curious Geroge?
Bi-Curious George
 
 
I shit my pants the other day.
Which is funny, because I don't remember eating them.
 
 
Did you hear about the guy that jumped into a huge container of human waste and drowned?
Homicide ruled it a sewer-cide.
 
 
What does Michael Jackson have in common with caviar?
They both come on little white crackers
 
 
What was jesus' favorite mayonnaise?
Miracle whip
 
 
I like my women like my coffee
pregnant
 
 
How do you make milk duds?
Get a cow constipated.
 
 
Introducing the newest diet soda for seizures!
Diet Epilepsy
 
 
What's the difference between garbanzo beans and chickpeas?
I've never paid to have a garbanzo bean on my face
 
 
What is a chicken's favourite type of porn?
Hentai
 
 
My uncle with a stutter was recently sent to prison.
Poor guy will never finish his sentence.
 
 
Why did Jesus’s disciple double-cross him?
Daddy, what's a transvestite?
Ask mommy, he knows
 
 
What do you call it when a woman spills iced coffee on her crotch?
Pumpkin spiced twatté!
 
 
I read a chapter about how to tie a noose in my suicide for dummies book. It said if at first you don't succeed...
Tie, tie again.
 
 
I told my son he's just like my old recliner chair...
About to be sold then tied down in the back of some guys van.
 
 
What do you call Amber Heard with two black eyes?
Amber Told
 
 
Did you hear the joke Chris Brown made about Rihanna?
It was all about the punchline.
 
 
Your mom is like weed from Mexico...
Cheap and full of seed.
 
 
When I was a kid, my family used to move around a lot.
But now they're all fat as fuck.
 
 
Why can’t Johnny swing on the swings
Because he has no armsKnock knock(who’s there)Not Johnny
 
 
Panties are not the greatest thing in the world...
...but they're the next thing to it!
 
 
What's better than roses on your piano?
Tulips on your organ
 
 
What’s the difference between horny and hungry? Where you stick the cucumber.

 
 
I've had sex with more people than my brother.
But he was one of the better ones
 
 
I joined r/trainporn and was very disappointed to find no posts about people getting railed.

 
 
What do you call and anorexic girl with a yeast infection?
Quarter pounder with cheese... ewwww
 
 
Butt sex jokes are like pedophile's partners:
They never grow old!
 
 
You should memorize a maturbation joke or two...
They always cum in handy.
 
 
I come for the r/Unclejokes...
Or is that "cum for them"...Anyway, that's it. That's the joke.
 
 
Bulemic bachelor party?
The cake jumped out of the girl!
 
 
I like my girls like I like my covid....
19 and spreads easily
 
 
Panty liners
That was the worst cruise I've ever been on. It was the red sea as well.
 
 
In Nandos, the bit between the front and back door is called
The Peri-Peri-neum
 
 
A depressed man asked the librarian if they had a suicide for dummies book he could borrow...
The librarian told him "Get Fucked! You'll never bring it back!"
 
 
I spent most of the day hanging out at the swimming pool
Then somebody told me so I tucked it back in
 
 
What type of guys do gay necrophiliacs prefer?
Well hung.
 
 
I was digging a large hole in the backyard yesterday when I came across an old suitcase full of money...
I let out a cheer and started to run inside to tell my wife...until I remembered why I was digging the hole.
 
 
Not sure if I mentioned it but I have an EpiPen...
My friend gave it to me right before he died. It seemed super important to him that I have it.
 
 
What's better than eating a mandarin?
Eating Amanda out!
 
 
If zombies ran a brothel
Would it be called stone cold creameries
 
 
Last night at the Disney Bar
-"Hej Mickey! I heard you broke up with minnie because she is clumsy?" -" No, i broke up with her because she is fucking goofy!!"
 
 
Welcome to r/UncleJokes
ok
 
 
All but one
Husband says to his wife “I was talking to the mailman earlier,he said he’s banged every woman on this street apart from one”Wife - "I bet its Claire."
 
 
I heard your mom was offered a position as a bowler for every team in the IPL...
They'd all heard she was great at spit shining balls.
 
 
Andy Rooney On Answering Machines
Did you ever hear one of these corny, positive messages on someone's answering machine? "Hi, it's a great day and I'm out enjoying it right now. I hope you are too. The thought for the day is 'share the love.' Beep.""Uh, yeah...this is the VD clinic calling.... Speaking of being positive, your test results are back. Stop sharing the love."
 
 
What do you call an autistic kid with an ak-47?
Russian special forces
 
 
My mail order bride just showed up and I have a few tips
First of all, make sure they poke holes in the box.
 
 
2
There was a girl called Ashley. Her best friend was called Jamie let's say Ashley wanted her best friend to come over one night. Well Ashley wanted pasta for dinner but Jamie wanted her. So she got really horny and wanted her. Ashley is no lesbian but her mind changed. Ashley said to her "I'm not a lesbian" but she carried on. Licking her up and down until she got aroused. Ashley said "you know I'm straight" Jamie said "so is spaghetti till it gets wet"
 
 
How do you know NBA players have the worst orgasms?
They're always just dribbling.
 
 
I Like My Women Like I Like My Coffee…
Hot, Colombian, and available at 7-11 for four bucks
 
 
What are zebras good for?
For holding up ze German boobies.
 
 
If red birds have red babies, blue birds have blue babies, and black birds have black babies, what bird has no babies?
Swallows
 
 
Why do Appalachians like their chowder served in a hollowed out bread bowl?
It's always best in bread.
 
 
Wearing crocs is like getting your dick sucked by a guy
Yeah at first it feels nice but you look down and you realise you're gay
 
 
I like my women how I like my xbox
Lying down, turned on and ready for me to play.
 
 
I like my women how I like my night light
Turned on when I'm scared
 
 
Since these are a theme now, I like my women like my coffee
Ground up and in the freezer
 
 
I like my women how I like my watermelon...
Large, tasty and dripping all over my face and hands
 
 
Did you know the "bra" was invented in Germany?
It was originally called the stabumfrumflobbin.
 
 
I like women like I like my pubes
I don't.
 
 
I miss those plastic 6-pack rings that choke all the fish
It's so much harder with the cardboard boxes.
 
 
I'm not worried about fetal alcohol syndrome
After all, I'm not a baby.
 
 
What starts with T, ends with T and is full of T?
Titt-t
 
 
What does a polar bear get if he sits on an Iceberg for too long?
Polarhhoids
 
 
How do you make a pool table scream?
Grab its balls
 
 
I was blessed with a 9 inch penis.
r/3amjokes•Publicado poru/VERBERDhace 6 meses21047I was blessed with a 9 inch penis.
              
            
        .t3_lsjmup ._2FCtq-QzlfuN-SwVMUZMM3 {
          --postTitle-VisitedLinkColor: #9b9b9b;
          --postTitleLink-VisitedLinkColor: #9b9b9b;
        }
      The priest is in jail now.4.4k puntos77 comentarios
 
 
Did you hear they are rebranding Viagra?
It's now being referred to as "The Necromancer"
 
 
My ex had a tattoo of a sea shell on her inner thigh
If you put your ear to it, you could smell the ocean
 
 
3 boys get arrested and put in jail
"Whats your name, what are you in for" asked a cellmate,"Jack, and for blowing bubbles" he replied. The cellmate was confused but moved on, thinking know the other two's stories would help piece together the situation."Im Kris and for blowing bubbles." the cellmate was confused but moved on, to the last fellow."You?""Im bubbles"
 
 
I accidentally gave my wife super glue instead of lubricant....
Now I get sex 24/7
 
 
I learned a few things today!
Im going to be a dad!Im going to be a uncle!My sister's not on the pill.
 
 
What's hard, black and 12 inches long?
My work boots you sick fucks!
 
 
What did the giant say when his brother smoked pot for the umpteenth time that week?
He's high, ho hum.
 
 
I like my girls like I like my coffee.
7 years old and shipped here in a burlap sack from Peru.
 
 
Next time you want to switch it up in the bedroom, try 68'ing instead
That's where she gives you head and you owe her one
 
 
What do you call a black man flying a plane?
A pilot, you racist bastard.
 
 
Have you ever smelled mothballs?
How'd you get their teeny legs apart?
 
 
Why is it unhealthy for obese people to change their gender?
Because of the trans fat.
 
 
Why did the cannibal start eating paralyzed people?
His doctor told him to eat more vegetables
 
 
I was doing a crossword the other day when I asked my mom if she knew another word for postman...
She said "Dad"I said I didn't get itShe replied "I sure did!"
 
 
I like my women how i like my cereal.
Without someone elses dick in there.
 
 
The tattooed breasts
There was a young woman with a possessive, vain boyfriend.For valentines, she had the best idea: have his face tattooed on her left breast.The guy is happy, but a bit later he breaks up with her.Her next boyfriend is jealeous and after a while demands she has his face tattooed on her other breast.She gives in, but in the end he also breaks up with her.The next boyfriend, she's afraid taking her top off. When he finally gets her to show her tits, he sees the tattoos of the faces and he starts laughing uncontrolably.When he calmed down, she asks him what's so funny and why he isn't mad.Says the guy: I know two dudes who, in a few years, will have some pretty long streched out faces
 
 
What do you use to keep chickens off of you?
Cock blocker
 
 
I like my women how I like my dogs
Obedient and down on all fours
 
 
Which wand in Harry Potter is the most precious?
The wand in hand is worth two in the bush
 
 
What's the difference between your mom and the bus?
Only 50 people ride the bus each day
 
 
I told my ex-wife she should become a Captain in the Navy...
She's had so much practice dealing with loads of semen.
 
 
As a sperm bank loan officer, I must first ask
Will you be needing a deposit today or tomorrow?
 
 
What does your Mom have in common with a turkey?
They both do a lot of gobblin
 
 
What does your girlfriend's pussy taste like?
I'll tell you tomorrow
 
 
I used to think I was unique before covid...
Now everyone wears a mask
 
 
Does your urine also smell strange?
If you haven't eaten asparagus for a day.
 
 
I heard about this lady who suprises guys during blowjobs....
What the difference between your Mom and your Sister?
Your Mom doesn't enjoy sex with your Dad.
 
 
The uncle we need…
r/teenagers•Publicado poru/Dank-Memer7481hace 3 meses13121312Today I got asked out by 6 girlsMeme
              
            
        .t3_nhwjhm ._2FCtq-QzlfuN-SwVMUZMM3 {
          --postTitle-VisitedLinkColor: #9b9b9b;
          --postTitleLink-VisitedLinkColor: #9b9b9b;
        }
      I was in girls bathroom20.2k puntos263 comentarios
 
 
I recently did an impersonation of Michael Jackson
Unfortunately the children were not pleased with that.
 
 
Did you hear about the old lady who was into necrophilia?
Her elderly husband had one foot in the grave.
 
 
Every Saturday I go to pick up the children from my ex-wife
When it's time to bring them back, I always get a handy reminder from Amber Alert.
 
 
What do you call that filthy smelly fat layer around a vagina?
A woman
 
 
What did the egg say to the pot of boiling water?
It might take me awhile to get hard, I just got laid by this chick.
 
 
Joey Diaz - Best Moments - Part 1

 
 
Fist is also a verb

 
 
What is it called when Einstein masturbates?
A stroke of genius
 
 
What do you call a cow in an earthquake?
Milk Shake
 
 
The movie Hook is being remade
They've casted Bill Cosby to play Rufio
 
 
Heard my gf saying she wanted a new dildo
So I added dill weed to cookie dough. I hope she likes it.
 
 
Man: Do you have that new book on living with a small penis?
Librarian:   I'm sorry, I don't think it's in yet.Man:   Yeah, that's the one!
 
 
If my last name is Richard....
Am I still a dick?
 
 
Nephew: Do you hate my curtains, because I'm GAY?!
Me: No, because your blind.
 
 
You can't spell Advertisements without....
Semen between tits
 
 
Why do you always put your mother-in-law on her stomach at the funeral when you are going to bury her?
Otherwise you are so lame-busy filling that big mouth of hers..
 
 
Doctor asked me if I'm sexually active
I told him "No I usually just lay there."
 
 
Some friends of mine once placed second in a Bill Clinton / Monica Lewinsky lookalike contest.
They were close, but no cigar.
 
 
Hey 15 years ago my dad told me my jokes were too dry
but if he came back with the milk he'd see the cereal is dryer...
 
 
Gay porn is magical.
WHAT!?I SAID "CAPE HORN IS MAGICAL!"
 
 
What's it like going down on an old lady?
Depends
 
 
I’m in bed with my wife last night, and I tell her…
“Baby, you got a tight box, but no tits.” She said, “Get off my back!”
 
 
I heard a work colleague couldn't make the Double Entendre conference...
...so I grabbed her and worked my way into her slot.I think with some creative new positions, we can both come next time.
 
 
Who the hell decided to say "No Butt Sex"
Instead of Ignoranus
 
 
Being a straight woman...
...is a pain in the ass sometimes.
 
 
You know what kids and drunk people have in common?
You don’t know when one of them is going to be a speed bump.
 
 
These blue Skittles are delicious!
Those aren't blue Skittles those are Viagra!Well then, I stand erected.
 
 
What did one boob say to another ?
r/dadjokes•Publicado poru/RedMusicalhace 6 mesesArchivadoWhat did one boob say to another ?
              
            
        .t3_lk5ad8 ._2FCtq-QzlfuN-SwVMUZMM3 {
          --postTitle-VisitedLinkColor: #9b9b9b;
          --postTitleLink-VisitedLinkColor: #9b9b9b;
        }
      If we don’t get support, they’ll think we’re nuts540 puntos23 comentarios
 
 
I just drank an entire bottle of Windex
I had to come clean with my wife
 
 
A gynecologist tells a lesbian patient, “You have the cleanest vagina I have ever seen!”
She said, “I have a woman come in once a week.”
 
 
How do you get a farm girl to marry you?
First, a tractor.Then, fertilizer.(Sorry, if it's a repost).
 
 
A woman goes to the dentist and complains that her jaw hurts.
Dentist: zipping up his pants "Well, maybe you should get dental insurance."
 
 
I like my beer how I like my women.
Seven at a time.
 
 
Iike my women like I like my coffee
Strong, black and preferably fair trade
 
 
What is a fart but a turd calling ahead for reservations?

 
 
When is it not okay to cum on a girls picture?
When the picture is hanging on the wall of her parents house, or they are passing around the family album.
 
 
I like my women how I like my spaghetti sauce.
Meatless
 
 
How do you make a hormone?
Don't pay her.
 
 
My wife was standing naked in front of a full length mirror and asked if her boobs were too small.
I told her to rub them with toilet paper because it worked for her ass.I will be discharged tomorrow.
 
 
What is the difference between a prostitute and a rooster?
One says cockadoodledoo and the other says any cock will do.
 
 
My boss hates it when I shorten his name to Dick
He likes his long Dickie
 
 
Why can’t witches have babies?
Because their husbands have Hallowweenies!
 
 
How do you know when Chris Brown’s cheating?
When you find another girl’s lipstick on his fist
 
 
If an orphan is abandoned on the side of the road
is that littering?
 
 
How does a French lady hold her liquor?
By the ears.
 
 
What is a lesbian's favorite kind of gun?
A Revulva
 
 
What do you get when you cross a pygmy and a prostitute?
A little fucker about 3 ft. tall.
 
 
What do you get when you cross a black prostitute with braces and a chain saw?
A black and decker pecker wrecker!!
 
 
How do you seat 4 queers in a crowded bar?
Turn a bar stool upside down.
 
 
I went into McDonald’s and asked the kid if I can get a shake…
He zipped up his fly and ran out of the restroom.
 
 
What's the eight that can hold two asses?
Assassinate.
 
 
A bear walks in to a bar in Brooklyn and orders a beer.
The bartender says “sorry we don’t serve beer to bears in bars in Brooklyn.”The bear gets angry and says “just give me my damn beer!”Bartender again “sorry it’s policy not to serve beer to bears in bars in Brooklyn.”Bear, outraged “if I don’t get my beer, I will start destroying this place!”Bartender “sorry, we still can not serve beer to bears in bars in Brooklyn.”The bear has had enough. Runs to the nearest table and smashes it. The woman sitting at that table crashes to the floor where the bear tears her to pieces and eats her.The bear comes back to the bartender and yells “look at what you made me do!”Bartender “sorry we still don’t serve beer to bears in bars in Brooklyn. Especially ones on drugs”This caught the bear off guard and is now confused. “Drugs? What drugs?”The bartender points to where the dead woman lays “that barbitchyouate!”
 
 
My Sister was Engaged to a Man with a Wooden Leg
But they got into a big fight and she broke it off.
 
 
Drunken Shower Thought: Breast Milk is Not an Adult Beverage
Unless I drink it right out of the container.
 
 
There’s a lizard in a rainforest smoking a joint.
A koala’s walking around and gets a whiff of the air and smells the joint, and goes, “Hey, what’s up? Can I join you?” The lizard says “Of course, come out in the tree and we can have a little smoke sesh”After finishing the first joint, they spark up another one and the lizard goes “Aye, I got pretty bad cottonmouth. I’m gonna go down to the lake real fast and get me some water.” So the lizard goes down the tree and gets water.While down at the lake, an alligator approaches him and says “Yo, I can smell that gas could I puff some of it?” The lizard says “Yea sure, this koala is up there smoking the joint, just ask him to pass it.” So the alligator goes down the path to the tree, climbs up it, and asks “Yo can you ass that joint here?”The koala says “WOAH, you drank a LOT of water!”
 
 
I like my women like I like my coffee
Without someone else's dick in it
 
 
Another one-liner headliner
Necrophilia is fucking cold.
 
 
On the news I read something surprising
A man inserted 14 toy horses in his anus. Doctors described his condition as stable.
 
 
Me- I got this ball signed by the entire team!
My Uncle: Was it your right or your left one?
 
 
Erectile dysfunction is really hard to beat

 
 
Your Aunt is changing her ring tone...
She's just getting her asshole bleached again.
 
 
What's brown and sticky?
Shit.
 
 
I like my men, how I like my pizza.
12" with a cheesy crust.
 
 
Did you know there are 27 bones in the human hand....
.... 28 when I'm thinking of you!
 
 
I got a tattoo of a $100 bill on my dick…
I told my wife if she wants to blow a hundred bucks, she better do it right here right now.
 
 
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
A Lickalotapus
 
 
My German girlfriend and I rate eachother after sex
We tried anal. She screamed "9! 9! 9!"
 
 
A soldier was fired after masturbating on duty
It was a dishonorable discharge.
 
 
I was never into MILF porn
Until teen mom
 
 
My colleague is unable to attend the innuendo seminar so I’m gonna fill her slot

 
 
I have a shoe fetish and started posting sexy pictures online
Please subscribe to my OnlyVans!
 
 
Anal sex is like eating spinach
If you were forced to do it as a child you can't enjoy it as an adult
 
 
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable?
AIDS
 
 
I only have sex with suicidal girls cause that pussy limited edition

 
 
Transitioning from male to female
... takes balls.
 
 
A lady takes her dog to the vet for hearing problems...
The vet tells the woman to use nair to remove the hair from the dogs ear so it can hear. The lady goes to the pharmacy and asks the pharmacist how to use the nair product:Pharmacist: if you are going to use this to remove hair from your armpits,  I recommend that you don't use deodorant so you don't cause irritationLady: well its not really for my armpitsP:if you use it on your legs then i suggest you dont moisturizer your legs for a few days afterL: actually its really for my SchnauzerP: if thats the case then I recommend you dont ride a bike for a couple days
 
 
What did one lesbian frog say to the other?
We do taste like chicken
 
 
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
You can't jelly your cock up your wife's arse.
 
 
Whats blue and bangs old ladies?
Me in my lucky blue coat.
 
 
Why do most politicians eventually become hard-headed and stuck-up?
Because they're erected into office
 
 
Why can’t librarians date their coworkers?
Because they’ve always got to keep it down
 
 
Why do mermaids wear sea shells?
Because B-shells are too small and D-shells are too big
 
 
Why can't bill gates get laid?
because he was micro-soft
 
 
If a man has sex with his clone is it incest or masterbation?
Or is he fucking himself?
 
 
What do you call a gay drive by?
A Fruit Roll-Up!
 
 
Cool Game .. Replace any word in a movie title with "fap"
For example " Fap to the Future"Your turn :)
 
 
They say the fastest way to a mans heart is through his stomach…
the same goes for a women, just with a different entry point
 
 
What do you call it when a woman uses a baseball bat for pleasure?
Lipstick.
 
 
There’s a lot of racism in the beauty industry
They’ve been trying to get rid of blackheads for years.
 
 
Have you ever heard of the show Naked and Afraid?
That's what I call hide and seek with my uncle.
 
 
I like my beer like I like my violence
Domestic
 
 
'Hey Doc, every time I look in the mirror I get an erection'
Doc replies 'That's because you look like a cunt'
 
 
Postman’s Retirement Gift
A postman is retiringThe postman is retiring so everyone in the neighborhood decide to give him a retiring gift.He goes to the house of this blonde girl. She invites him to lunch and feeds him a lovely 3 course meal. Then she takes him to the bedroom and fucks him hard. Then she gives him ten dollars.The postman, taken aback, asks "The meal was delicious and the sex was heavenly but why the ten dollars?"The blonde replies "When I asked my husband what we should give you, he replied 'Fuck him, just give him ten dollars'. The lunch was my idea."
 
 
What kind of climaxes do communists have?
Ourgasms
 
 
How do you cancel an appointment at a sperm bank?
Call and tell them you can’t come.
 
 
Jack be nimble, Jack be quick, Jack jumped over a candlestick.
But was Jack nimble, was Jack quick, or did Jack burn his little dick?
 
 
What’s a prostitutes favorite movie genre?
Whore*or films
 
 
Why don't chickens wear underwear?
Because their pecker is on their face.
 
 
What do you call a vegetarian with diarrhea?
A salad shooter!
 
 
You know, sperm jokes really come in spurts.

 
 
What do you call a naked blonde doing a handstand?
A brunette with bad breath
 
 
Meta
Sub won’t allow pics but Reddit just suggested r/ lds and r/ antijokes as similar to uncle jokes
 
 
Why can’t you play chess with Michael Jackson?
because he’s dead
 
 
I have no problems with buying tampons.
I am a fairly modern man but apparently they’re not a ‘proper’ present
 
 
Why do you have to be subtle when applying an Italian suppository?
Because it’s an innuendo.
 
 
What's the difference between a Joke and Three Dicks?
Your mom can't take a joke.
 
 
I accidentally walked into a medical marijuana dispensary.
I asked the attendant, “What kind of joint is this?”
 
 
The fluffy little bunny was lost.
He cried and cried and all the other woodland creatures wanted to help, but just didn’t know how. Finally, the wise old badger said, “bunny, tell us how you recognize your home.“ The fluffy bunny thought about it and said, “my burrow is in a field with a donkey.“  The badger replied, “oh, so you know your hole from an ass on the grounds.”
 
 
I didn’t know what to wear to my premature ejaculators meeting...
So I just came in my pants.
 
 
What have a burrito and a drag queen got in common
If you aren't good at tucking, your meat's going to be on show.
 
 
Have you heard about the French hedonist?
He’s always surrendering to his desires.
 
 
What do you call a rooster who dresses up like a chicken?
Trans hen der.
 
 
What's the difference between Oral sex and Anal sex?
Oral sex will make your whole day.Anal sex will make your whole week.
 
 
What do you call it when you get a boner at a funeral?
Mourning wood
 
 
True story, I was kissing my wife’s neck and I whisper...
“I want to give you a neck job..”She responds, “is that because you like neckrophilia?”I have never been so aroused.
 
 
I just read a book about an immortal dog...
It was impossible to put down
 
 
What’s the best treatment for chlamydia?
Penis-cilin
 
 
